oh dude that's so cool
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and in front of me are what I believe to
be the best ultra books on the market
right now the KB Lake XPS 13 the KB Lake
razor blade stealth and paint on KB Lake
skylake MacBook Pro 13 inch so if you're
interested in purchasing one of these
three I'm hoping to make this video to
help you choose between them now first I
want to tackle the issue of pricing the
XPS 13 comes in a wide variety of
configurations you can get it as low as
$800 for a kind of gimpy loadout but to
make the three laptops comparable I
think the $1,300 configuration is the
best value the Razer Blade stealth also
starts at $1000 but the best value there
comes in at 1250 where you get 16 gigs
of ram and then the MacBook is $1,500
paper specs look weak for the price but
like I mentioned in my full review the
overall experience is very good these
all have excellent build quality the
leader here is the MacBook the machining
on this thing is fantastic and all the
moving parts are very well fitted with
no plate structurally it's rock solid as
well the XPS 13 deserves second place
here carbon fiber chassis aluminum
panels it's really well-made the stealth
is also really good just not as good as
the other two the black anodized ation
can get nicked so be careful with it get
a sleeve or a skin to protect the finish
there's a link to those below now
without a doubt which apple has the best
customer service amongst these three
they're far from perfect in fact this
particular macbook is basically
irreparable outside of Apple but I think
their customer service is really good
Dell would be a distant second still
decent but because they don't have
retail stores it's harder to get stuff
fixed and their support can be hit or
miss razor they are a smaller companies
you have to respect the fact that it's
harder for a smaller company to have
immediate customer support like the
other two they are also hit or miss I
would say that they are the worst of the
three if you need absolutely amazing
customer service
the keyboards are all pretty good so
it's more of a preference thing for me
personally I would rank them as MacBook
Pro first stealth second and the XPS 13
third the second gen butterfly switches
on the MacBook are better than the first
gen but they're not perfect
the stealth also has RGB lighting on the
keys which looks pretty cool
in terms of trackpads the MacBook
trackpad is king it's big it has the
taptic engine so you can click anywhere
tracking is dead accurate and clicking
feels awesome
the other two are both good I would say
the XPS 13 is mildly better but I'm
happy using either of them speakers on
the MacBook Pro are by far the best the
loudest the clearest the best base I'd
say that the stealth is second best a
distant second best but it's there and
the XPS 13 is third port selection is
best on the XPS 13 there's Thunderbolt 3
to use v 3s and an SD card slot and it
has that sweet battery indicator the
stealth trades the SD card slot for an
HDMI port and then the MacBook Pro is
the worst of the bunch with only 210
well 3 ports if you've seen my full
review you'll kind of understand my take
on the whole to port thing the best
looking screen lid is still the XPS 13
because of that infinity edge display
the panel itself also looks really nice
the MacBook Pro has larger bezels but
the display panel itself is the best of
this group it's lower resolution than
the XPS 13 but it gets very bright plus
the color gamut and accuracy is really
good the panel on the stealth is also
solid but it's a 12 inch screen and
those bezels oh those vessels see when I
use the stealth normally I don't really
notice the bezels they're there but
because I'm doing work or playing games
on it I don't really focus on the bezels
but when I do a comparison video like
this and I look at the difference
between the two it's pretty obvious and
it sticks out like a sore thumb but
here's the thing if you own one I think
you'll get used to it I don't think the
bezels are a big deal the two Windows
machines have user upgradeable storage
the max storage is technically
upgradable but its proprietary
fortunately it's already very fast they
also have different processors but they
actually feel really similar to each
other under normal use you'd actually
have a tough time telling them apart
now none of them have user upgradeable
RAM the 16 gigs of RAM on the Stealth is
nice if you keep lots of tabs open in
chrome and the i7 and there is also
decent at 1080p video edits but if
you're doing regular Ultrabook things
like emails word processing media
consumption or Excel stuff these will
all feel very similar in terms of
performance for gaming the MacBook Pro
actually has the best integrated video
card of the bunch with the iris 540 you
can get some decent frame rates in light
games I'll do a full video on that later
the other two laptops have HD 620 chips
newer chips but slower moderate frame
rates in lighter games but the iris 540
on the MacBook Pro is definitely the
clear winner here the stealth also has
the best compatibility right now
with external GPUs for gaming it
connects with the Razer core perfectly
the XPS 13 kind of works with the core
but the 13-inch MacBook Pro doesn't
connect at all right now even in boot
camp there are external GPS on the
horizon that should connect with these
nicely though the fans on the XPS 13 and
the stealth are the most audible on idle
quiet but audible the fans on the
MacBook Pro on idle are essentially
silent when they're under load they're
all pretty quiet still that's one
advantage of dual core cpus thermally
they're all very comfortable to use
under load with the XPS 13 being
slightly warmer but I wouldn't worry
about thermal issues on these laptops at
all the MacBook has the best battery
life at over 9 hours of use now Apple
laptops traditionally had much bigger
batteries button trimming down in size
the battery is smaller the XPS 13 and
the stealth both deliver good battery
life - partially because of the more
efficient KB Lake chips at the running
they can comfortably hit 8 hours of
battery life as well
ok here's the deal you can't go wrong
choosing any of these three they're all
very good laptops but if you're
comfortable with both Mac OS and Windows
I would consider the best value to be
the razor blade stealth right now core
i7 16 gigs of ram 256 gigs of storage
it's a really good value now it's not to
say the other two aren't good they are
very good or else they wouldn't be in
this video but they all kind of have
their
and cons but best value razor blade
stealth right now hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs if you liked it subs
if you loved it it's been nice I'll see
you guys next time
[Music]